It is time to build the Darcy's Fight Club:
1. Use the same NPCs from Noonie's kitchen customers, they will be fighters (challengers) that match Darcy's skill set. Some of them are easy, some of them are hard
2. Add more skills: 20-30 fun ones (such as water gun, throw coins, blow dust, pillow fight, sleep dart, electricity pad zap, drink vitamin juice for healing, throw dumbell/basketball, shock with balloon, energy drink for rage, and 20-30 MMA/Brazilian JiuJutsu/Karate/KungFu/others movement) Make the total skill number to be 50. And add a one-line description to each skill, make it sound fun (for example: for throw coins, you can say something like: when you are rich, you can splurge in fighting blah blah blah). For the skills display, make it list-view like in the achievements.
Each skill will have its own damage dealing, special effect, boosting (buff pet or debuff opponent for a few rounds), effect (healing, disabling opponent for the next turn, etc), triggering condition (such as apparent death triggers only at KO with a probability for pet to survive the KO).
3. Traning manuals are now renamed to Skill books, it comes with 5 forms (please give them better names):
(i) basic: just unlock or upgrade one skill with one skill point at random
(ii) double: unlock/upgrade two different skills for one skill point per skill at random
(iii) double: unlock/upgrade one skill at random, but for two skill points at a time
(iv) wild 1: it allows user to choose a skill to level up
(v) master: it allows user to choose to maximize one skill
With this, you have to re-design the chance of book dropping at Noonie's place, and also Pika can sell them at random (also better books show up with a lower probability) and price of skill books can be high. 
4. The pet now comes with fight level with xp (higher level, more xp), when level up, a basic book is awarded, every 5 levels, award a double at random.
5. To gain xp, the pet needs to fight with NPCs, winning gives more xp than losing, also hp is related with levels
6. pet has hp for fighting. Since we do not have animation, this will be a turn-by-turn word fight, but the hp will be displayed as a bar as the battle proceeds.
7. pet has 3 traits, we will use them here as well: 
(i) fitness -> the attack (including basic attacks, and damage dealing bonus for any damage-related skills) and defense (defending can help reduce damage taken by a percentage) and bonus hp
(ii) intelligence -> chance of dodging and critical
(iii) charm -> chance of double turn and skill triggering. For double turn: after the pet takes its turn, there is a chance that it takes a second turn immediately after. 
8. Turns: the battle is a turn-by-turn fight, start with Rock-paper-scissors, winner gets the first turn
(i) each turn, the pet attacks. then next turn, opponent attacks. unless it is a double-turn.
(ii) Skills should be either active or passive: active skill like throwing weapons, mr. vampire, shadow clone can be triggered when you attack; passive skills like thick skin, parry (which deflect attack), apparent death can be triggered when opponents attack you
(iii) Critical deals 3x damage for both basic attacks and any active or passive skills (including ) that can deal damage to opponent.
9. After each battle, pet need time to recover. You can purchase healing materials (come up with a couple names for me) from Pika but the price can be high. Put it and skills books in a separate tab in Pika's page. 
After buying, one can go to Darcy's page, add a training room tab that shows your stock of books and healing materials. When you use a book, it should show a message that your skill has been unlocked, or upgraded. similar for healing.
10. There are two ways to earn cois from Darcy: normal winning/losing let you earn/lose coins, and betting that comes with odds (odds can be determined by traits & skillsets, you can use American Odds (Moneyline) like in DraftKings)
